---
title: 'Study design for incidence of lower extremity amputation in Israel: retrospective cohort'
date: "2022-12-24"
permalink: /portfolio/SAR-2022-044/
redirect_from:
  - /portfolio/SAR-2022-044-OK/
  - /SAR-2022-044-OK/
  - /SAR-2022-044/
categories:
  - longitudinal-studies
  - cohort
  - epidemiology
tags:
  - incidence
  - prognostic-models
---

This is a retrospective cohort study which will use individual de-identified patient data stored within the electronic database of Clalit Health Services (CHS), the largest of Israel's four state-mandated health service organizations.
Roughly 55% of Israel's populations are insured by this medical provider by a nation-wide spread network, across 9 geographically based districts, of nearly 1,500 primary care clinics and specialist centers.
Moreover, CHS owns and operates 14 hospitals across the country, which account for about a third of Israel's total inpatient hospital capacity.
These hospitals provide emergency and elective medical services to any patient, irrespective of their medical insurance affiliation.
Keeping in mind that medical insurance is mandatory by law in Israel for all its citizens, this database holds potential information which can reflect extensive continuum of care encountered throughout an individual's life together with exhaustive detailing of relevant clinical data.

The objectives of this study are:

1. To determine the overall age-adjusted incidence of any lower extremity amputations in Israel.
1. To determine the age-adjusted incidence of any lower extremity amputations in Israel, by various covariates.
1. To determine the age-adjusted incidence of lower extremity amputations in Israel, by level and cause (indication) of amputation.
1. To determine the age-adjusted rate-ratios of any lower extremity amputations in participants with dysvascular disease.

Statistical Analysis for Private MD (Tel Aviv/IL, 2022)
<!-- Technical Report for Private MD (Tel Aviv/IL, 2022) -->

## Analyses performed

1. Descriptive analysis
1. Inferential analysis
1. Statistical models

## Documents

<!-- The client has requested that this analysis be kept confidential until a future date, determined by the client. -->
<!-- All documents from this consultation are therefore not published online and only the title and year of the analysis will be included in the consultant's Portfolio. -->
<!-- After the agreed date is reached, the documents will be released. -->

The client has requested that this analysis be kept confidential.
All documents from this consultation are therefore not published online and only the title and year of the analysis will be included in the consultant's Portfolio.

<!-- ### Analytical Plan (SAP) -->

<!-- - [PDF][sap] -->

<!-- ### Statistical Analysis Report (SAR) -->

<!-- - [PDF][sar] -->

## Associated analyses

This analysis is part of a larger project and is supported by other analyses, linked below.

**Study design for retrospective estimates of HR in patients with varying LGI levels**

<https://philsf-biostat.github.io/SAR-2022-029-OK/>

**Study design for association between obesity and dysvascular lower extremity amputation in Israel: retrospective cohort**

<https://philsf-biostat.github.io/SAR-2022-045-OK/>

<!-- --- -->

[sap]: /files/SAP-2022-044-OK-v01.pdf
[sar]: /files/SAR-2022-044-OK-v01.pdf
